well howdy they're gonna know people
it's Bo again so tonight I guess we're
going to talk about consequences
election strategy and public statements
versus action while we were all watching
the glorious and very entertaining
proceedings in DC reports began to
surface and they should come as no
surprise because there's only one way a
president as in battle this President
Trump is can't survive in the election
season and that's if he can mobilize
those flag wavers those people with
yellow ribbons those bumper sticker
Patriots those thank you for your
service that crowd has to be energized
and there's only one way to do it so
there should come as no surprise that
reports are now surfacing that the
president is considering sending an
additional 14,000 troops to the Middle
East to prepare for the seemingly
inevitable conflict he is intent on
provoking with Iran I've done a video
explaining in detail how Iran is
different than Iraq or Afghanistan
I'll put in the comments section there's
no reason to go over again but we're
gonna need a lot more than 14,000 troops
and work we're kind of hard up for help
and I can't imagine why see this is that
moment when all of those people who
discounted the foreign policy experts
the generals all of the people that
actually understand the Middle East
those people that were like yeah don't
worry let's just go ahead and sell the
Kurds out leave them twisting in the
wind hang them out to dry it doesn't
matter what are they gonna do for us
this is the moment when you get to find
out
and you're gonna find out with a bunch
of flag cover coffins that could have
been avoided Iran like a lot of other
countries in the region has a Kurdish
population a population of people that
has historically been very friendly to
the United States I wonder if they're
gonna help in this seemingly inevitable
war probably not why would they risk
themselves there's nothing to gain
not just did we sell them out the
president just congratulated Turkey on
what a wonderful job they're doing in
the north so we sell them out after
convincing them to take down their
defenses and then we congratulate their
opposition
he needs this he needs this for
reelection but it's not going to be an
October Surprise that's over in a few
days but it doesn't matter because he
doesn't care he cares about power he
doesn't care about the troops he never
intended on bringing them home none of
them ever came back just moved him to a
different area because he needs a new
conflict to secure his reelection so all
of those kids those young infantrymen
that you loved shake their hands and say
thank you for your service when you
don't see him at the gas station for a
while you're gonna know why it's because
the American people trusted a
businessman rather than generals it's
because they were well willing to sell
out their allies their friends those
people who have saved American lives
daily for 15 years because the president
thought he could get a good deal the
cost of believing that is going to be
paid by them so when they're missing you
can visit your local cemetery anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night